# About this course

## Course Information

To adapt the training requirement in the mechatronic domain, this course makes student focus on the modeling and control method of the mechatronic system dynamics based on the general knowledge of the basic automatic control theory and history. The following contents are regarded as the key points of the course: dynamical modeling of mechanical/electrical/fluid systems, and the correlative analytical methods of control system in time/frequency domain, control system stability criterions and synthetic corrections, as well as the design of PID controller, etc. In addition, some details of dynamical system nonlinear control will also be introduced to some extent. Not only the basic concepts of automatic control theory but also the basic methods to address control problems in mechatronic system are emphasized in this course. To help students expand understanding of control theory, MATLAB simulation software are utilized to analyze and optimize classical closed-loop systems. Through some experiments, students would know the actual construction of control systems, and directly experience the influence of control parameters on system dynamic/steady state performance. This course is the professional core course for undergraduate experimental class in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Tsinghua university.

## References

* System Dynamics, Katsuhiko Ogata, Prentice Hall, 2004.
* 控制工程基础, 董景新等, 清华大学出版社, 2013.
* Feedback Control of Dynamic Systems, Gene F. Franklin, J. Da Powell, Abbas Emami-Naeini, Prentice Hall, 2013.
* 控制工程基础实验指导书, 王力等
